Added quickstart with UI (#1330)
clouditor/clouditor: README.md

- descriptive development of custom rules using [Cloud Compliance Language (CCL)](clouditor-engine-azure/src/main/resources/rules/azure/compute/vm-data-encryption.md) to support individual evaluation scenarios
- integration of custom security requirements and mapping to rules

## QuickStart with UI

> In order to just build and run the Clouditor , without generating the protobuf file, one can use the following script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to just build and run the Clouditor, without generating the protobuf file, one can use the following script.
```

> This still requires Go and nodejs to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This still requires Go and Node.js to be installed.
```
